CW-2977: add description of uniqueGroups in customerSDK docs (#1215)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/extending-chat-widget/customer-sdk/v2.0/index.mdx

Other optional configuration parameters are also available:

| parameters           | type               | default | description                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------------- | ------------------ | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | licenseId            | number             |         | Your license number, you receive this value when creating a new livechat account.                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| licenseId            | number             |         | Your license number, you receive this value when creating a new LiveChat account.                                                                                                                                               |
```

Reviewer: I cannot let this one slide :D

Author: It was just formatting here, I'll fix in both versions though. 😅

| clientId             | string             |         | Your client id, you receive this value when you register your application in the LiveChat Developer Console.                                                                                                                    |

> | autoConnect          | boolean            | true    | Optional; should the library try to reconnect on it's own.                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| autoConnect          | boolean            | true    | Optional; should the library try to reconnect on its own.                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

Reviewer: Not sure I understand the "should the library" construction 🤔

Author: I'll fix that in both versions, but what would you suggest? That parameter decides whether or not the SDK should reconnect on its own, so WDYT about:

```suggestion
| autoConnect          | boolean            | true    | Optional; decides whether or not the SDK should reconnect on its own |
```

Reviewer: Ok! The new version's fine. We can skip "or not" because whether already means that. And add a full stop at the end :)

| groupId              | number             |         | Optional; the id of the group you wish to connect to.                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | uniqueGroups         | boolean            | false   | Optional; by default, the customer's identity is the same for all groups. If you want to create a separate customer identity for each group, set this parameter to `true`. When set to `true`, passing a `groupId` is required. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| uniqueGroups         | boolean            | false   | Optional; by default, the customer identity is the same for all groups. If you want to create a separate customer identity for each group, set this parameter to `true`. When set to `true`, passing a `groupId` is required. |
```
